IF –  Else Questions    
1.          1. Write a program to check whether a number is negative, positive or zero
2.  Write a program to input any alphabet and check whether it is vowel or consonant
3. Write a program to check whether a character is uppercase or lowercase.
4.  Write a program to input all angles of a triangle and check whether it is valid or not
5. Write a program to input month number and print month Name
6.  Write a program to check whether the triangle is equilateral, isosceles or scalene triangle
7. Write a program to input marks of five subjects Physics, Chemistry, Biology, mathematics, and computer Calculate percentages and grades according to following: 
Percentage >= 90%: Grade A
Percentage >= 80%: Grade B
Percentage >= 70%: Grade C
Percentage >= 60%: Grade D
Percentage >= 40%: Grade E     
Percentage < 40%: Grade F
8) If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are input through the keyboard, write a program to determine the youngest of the three
9)  Write a Java program that accepts three numbers and checks whether all numbers are equal or not
10)  Write a Java program to check whether the given integer is a multiple of 5
11) Write a Java program to check whether the given integer is a multiple of 5 and 7 
12) Write a Java program to find days in a month (Take input of Year and month number). 

13) Find out the maximum of  three number take number input from user 
14) Write a program to check whether a given character is an Alphabet or not. 
15)  A company hires a person if 
If person is married
if person is unmarried, male and above 30 years of age 
if person is unmarried , female and above 25 years of age
16 ) You are given two integers that are the length and breadth of the rectangle. Check whether the area or perimeter is greater 
17)  A certain grade of steel is graded according to the following conditions
1. Hardness must be greater than 50
2. Carbon content must be less than 0.7
3. Tensile strength must be greater than 5600
The grades are as follows:
* The grade is 10 if all three conditions are met
* The grade is 9 if conditions (i) and (ii) are met
* The grade is 8 if conditions (ii) and (iii) are met
* The grade is 7 if conditions (i) and (iii) are met
* The grade is 6 if only one condition is met
* The grade is 5 if none of the conditions are met
Write a program, which will require the user to give values of hardness, carbon content and tensile strength of the steel under consideration and output the grade of the steel
18) Write a Java program to create a simple calculator for calculating a two number calculations 
Hint-> Take 2 Input of Number and one character as sign (-, +, *, /)
19)  write a java program to find weather a number is even or odd
20) When purchasing certain items, a discount of 10% is offered if the quantity purchased is more than 100. If quantity and price per item are input through the keyboard, write a program to calculate the total expenses